This is the first version of tablanet or tablich game made in rudimentary python without any GUI
It was at first meant as a simple excersize too improve my python skills, but as I tried to make it 
into a real game that one could play it turned out more complex. As I worked on it in my free time which 
was sometimes scarce, the project took me a long time to bring to the point where I have the rudimentary 
first version. If you are python enthusiast or tablich enthusiast, I encourage you to play and dive into 
the code which is all made public here.

- HOW TO SET UP 

You need all the python files from the "production" folder,
copy them to a single folder on a machine where you have python installed
and then run the command (linux terminal):

python3 playAgainstComputer.py

(if you have earlier versions of python it should work too with python playAgainstComputer.py)

- HOW TO PLAY THE GAME  
(It is actually quite straightforward so most people can probably read the next paragraph and figure out
everything else while playing, but I included a detailed explanation as well for those who like to familiarize 
themselves better with the game beforehand )

As is mentioned, there is no GUI (for now) so the game is played by typing the names of the cards 
as they appear on the screen. Names are all two character strings with the first character being a 
number 2-9 or A (ace), T (ten), J (jack), D (dame) or K (king), while the second character represents
the suite so it can be c (clubs), s (spades), d (diamonds), h (harts)
For example jack of diamonds is "Jd" while 5 of clubs is "5c"
At the moment it is case sensitive, but if you mistype the name of the card, it will just prompt you to type it again.


For every set of cards, that is displayed on the console, you see the cards like this:
Talon:
4s      3d      8d      9d
4       3       8       9
0       0       0       0
total points: 0
.................................

So on the Talon (or table) shown above we have 4 cards: 4 of spades, 3 of diamonds, 8 of diamonds and 9 of diamonds
the top row is the name, as you would enter if you had a card like that to throw (4s      3d      8d      9d)
the second row is just the numeric value of the card as it is counted in the game: (4       3       8       9)
and the third row is how many points the card is worth when taken in tablich       (0       0       0       0)
and total points indicates the sum worth of all the points shown in the set displayed - in this case 0.

Now I will show a different talon and how the card is played and counted:

Talon:

Jh      As
12      1
1       1
total points: 2
............................

(so on the talon above you can see that we have two cards which are both worth 1 point, and total points is therefore 2,
the numerical value of Ace is either 1 or 11 in tablich, however here we just display 1 for convenience, but rest assured it counts 
as 11 as well when you play the game - as it should in real tablich)

Next, we would see cards that the human player is holding currently, this is always displayed prior to throwing a next card:

Player:  Perica 
Cards in hand: 
9h      Dh      Jc      7s      8h      Td
9       13      12      7       8       10
0       1       1       0       0       2
total points: 4
..........................................

So here the last row (0       1       1       0       0       2) like before is showing the points for each card:
9h is worth 0, Dh is worth 1 point, while the last card Td (ten of diamonds) is worth 2 points as it is in tablich.
And of course total points are not the points of the player, but sum total of points in the card set displayed, and
that is in this case, all the cards the player is holding "in his hand" at the moment. (0+1+1+0+0+2=4)

Next, player is prompted to throw a card, and he chooses Dh (Dame of hearts):

Pick a card to throw: Dh
TABLA!

player:  Perica 
new cards taken:  3 
new points collected:  4 
 
total cards taken:  25 
total points:  14 
..........................

So one good thing about this game is that you just have to type the card that you are throwing, 
the alghoritm will automatically take the best possible combination from the cards available,
and notify the player of how many new cards he has taken, how many new points collected (this is pertaining to the last move)
and also total cards taken and total points which sum up all the cards and points the player has in his stash of taken cards.
When player takes all the cards from the Talon (table) as shown above, message "TABLA!" is displayed and one additional point is counted towards
players collected points immediately so the new points collected and total points contain the TABLA points.

Next, the player can see what computer played and how much points it collected:

Talon:




total points: 0
............................

Computer played: 3s | 3 | 0

player:  Computer 
new cards taken:  0 
new points collected:  0 
 
total cards taken:  16 
total points:  5 
..........................
Talon:

3s
3
0
total points: 0
............................

So talon was empty after Perica the human player threw a dame and took jack and ace, then computer threw 3s which stays on Talon and we can see that 
Computer didn't collect any new points or cards, and that he has so far taken 16 cards, and has collected 5 points from the start of the game.

If you want to quit the game without finishing, for now Ctrl+c is the only option.

Enjoy!